chore(Dialog): Explain where to place the initial focus (#2696)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/src/components/Dialog/Dialog.docs.mdx

Wrap multiple buttons in an [Action Group](/docs/components-layout-action-group--docs).

> ### Setting the initial focus

Reviewer: This can be part of ‘How to use’, and mention the goal a bit more:

```suggestion
#### Focusing a specific element
```

When a Dialog opens (and no element has `autofocus`), the browser places focus on the first focusable element inside it.
In this component that is the close button, which is a safe default: the user can read the Dialog before acting.

To give another element the initial focus instead, add the `autofocus` attribute to it.

> In React, set the `autoFocus` prop on that element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give another element the initial focus instead, add the `autofocus` attribute to it, or the `autoFocus` prop in React.
```
